add menu example to align with figma (#2408)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/menu.mdx

There are various places a Menu may be useful within an application. If the user is going to be selecting from a list of options to execute an action, Menu is a good component to use. The usage of labels and icons allow a menu to be versatile for different layout contexts.

> ### Within a header using a default Button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Within a header
```
This is just the default menu -- I feel like specifying "using a default Button" makes it seem like the user has to do something extra.

Author: thats fine I wasnt sure to leave it or try and combine what we have with what Keeth put in Figma

A menu can be used in a [Header](/components/header) to group related actions.

> Use the default button variant when the menu has to be is placed in a row with other default buttons or with a heading.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should be more prescriptive and say this instead:

The default Menu should be used in all instances unless the Menu is contained within a toolbar, in which case see [Menu within a toolbar](#menu-within-toolbar) guidance.

Author: good idea

  <MenuHeaderExample />
</Example>

### Menu with Toolbar Button

> Use the toolbar button variant when it has to be placed in row with other toolbar controls like search or filter. 

Reviewer: Can we add the sentence from https://design-system.hpe.design/components/button?q=button#toolbar-button that talks about the desire to give the buttons and input equal prominence?

Author: yes I can add that

  <MenuHeaderExample />
</Example>

### Menu with Toolbar Button

Use the toolbar button variant when it has to be placed in row with other toolbar controls like search or filter. 
In this situation, a search input, filter button, and action menu are presented as a unified set of controls. The intent is to present each control with equal prominence.

<Example
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io/menu?theme=hpe#props"

>   code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/menu/MenuToolBarExample.js"

Reviewer: Update code link to match

  <MenuHeaderExample />
</Example>

> ### Menu with Toolbar Button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Within a Toolbar
```
Matching the wording of the other section.

> Use the toolbar button variant when it has to be placed in row with other toolbar controls like search or filter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `kind="toolbar"` when the Menu is placed in row with other toolbar controls like search or filter. 
```
